oh I could be
Oh
because we are trying to find a way in
fear
okay three two I buff i buff premise and
a nick buffs cap i uh yeah sure please
go tree to do one go by my car later
no ho Rama's when no grandmas no I got
no rhyme asparagus basta heck yeah
Brenna's winds from is a window no okay
maybe as minions are pluck God but hey
stop stop don't kill herself of yourself
you gotta get hit by lantern oh we're
kinda at the same speed which is good
gotta get
three yeah so that's fine
okay tree do one go no not going on go
kappa wait what what I'll be fine
love me all of me all of me all of me
all of me here we're coming over like
not really humming yeah we're coming
work on Mike it must be my boots Oh
human I know oh oh I'm going to beat you
and kappa fight for you never
come on why is it not working
thank you I think with the revival
Phillip will be ridiculous
yeah well okay MIT should be pushed hard
enough okay I'm backing now don't forget
the point move holy shit what okay it's
ready 3 2 1 go
my dad even I forgot I forgot the
Guild's wait I gave it to Robinson oh I
got my I'm coming
how about give one Ramis I love them
don't give anything yeah that's me time
I try
don't give it to ramus oh my god
oh oh Brandon arctos faggot
I am suing flag
yeah konnichiwa
we are the gaming brothers the hell are
you doing are you speaking Japanese well
yeah got a problem you're supposed to
tell them to check out our Facebook and
Twitter no I'm supposed to introduce
myself first you fucking idiot they're
supposed to check out our previous video
or subscribe they probably don't even
understand Japanese
who the hell fucking cares they probably
aren't gonna check up anything we talked
about anyone can't say that some people
probably care I know who'll care your
mama
we're brothers Oh